That completes the introduction to
security tools and programming languages!
In this section of the course, we covered
SIEM tools such as Splunk and Chronicle.
We also discussed how SIEM tools are used
by security analysts to complete
different tasks.
Then, we discussed other
tools such as playbooks and
network protocol analyzers,
also called packet sniffers.
Finally, we introduced the Linux operating
system and the programming languages
SQL and Python.
Remember, the tools we discussed take
time to understand completely.
But having a basic understanding
of these tools can help you
get a job in the security field and
progress in your career!